NS1 check integration (#881)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ns1/README.md

### Installation

See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][3]:

1. [Download and launch the Datadog Agent][4].
2. Run the following command to install the integrations wheel with the Agent:

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-ns1==0.0.1
   ```
   
3. Configure your integration like [any other packaged integration][5].

### Configuration

1. Edit the `ns1.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your ns1 performance data. See the [sample ns1.d/conf.yaml](datadog_checks/ns1/data/conf.yaml.example) for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][7].

For detailed explanation of all collected performance data see the [NS1 + Datadog Integration][12] article in NS1 help center.

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][8] and look for `ns1` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv](metadata.csv) for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

ns1 does not include any service checks.

### Events

ns1 does not include any events.

### Development

> Please refer to the [main documentation][10] for more details about how to test and develop Agent based integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Datadog developer documentation][10] for more information about how to test and develop Agent based integrations.
```

Reviewer 2: Changed to the suggested one

Reviewer: thanks!
